chore(issue-priority): Update documentation for enhanced issue priority (#10934)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/issues/issue-priority/index.mdx

## How Priority Works

When Sentry receives an event, it assigns a priority to the issue based on the event's **log level** (for error issues) or **actionability** (for non-error issues like performance).

There are three discrete priority levels for issues in Sentry:

- **High**: Issues that are likely to be actionable and require immediate attention.
- **Medium**: Issues that are likely to be actionable and require attention in the near future.
- **Low**: Issues that don't require immediate attention.

> ### Enhanced Issue Priority and Alerting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enhanced Issue Priority
```
nit: we don't talk about alerting in this section

<Note>

> This feature is available only if your organization is on either a Business or Trial Plan.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature is available only if your organization is on either a [Business](https://sentry.io/pricing/) or [Trial](/pricing/#product-trials) Plan.
```

</Note>

> The enhanced priority calculations will consider additional factors when determining the priority of an issue. In addition to the log level or actionability, Sentry will also consider the error message, whether or not the error is handled, and historical actions taken on similar issues.

Reviewer: Should we specify this is only the case for python/javascript?

> The enhanced priority calculations will consider additional factors when determining the priority of an issue for Python or JavaScript projects. In addition to the log level or actionability, Sentry will also consider the error message, whether or not the error is handled, and historical actions taken on similar issues.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In addition to the log level or actionability, the enhanced priority calculations will consider factors such as the error message, whether or not the error is handled, and historical actions taken on similar issues, when determining the priority of an issue for Python or JavaScript projects.

```
